Update README.md (#29)
BIBSYSDEV/nva-doi-partner-data: README.md

# nva-doi-partner-data

> A Java API for creation of Datacite metadata (DataciteXML).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Java API for creating Datacite metadata (DataciteXML).
```
